hey guys and welcome back to julissa's
fashion files in this video I'll be
showing you all my weekly at home now
and manicure routine part of the reason
I wanted to share this with all of you
is because I came across a recent
article that stated 8 to 14 visits at
the nail salon over a twenty four to
forty two month time period could
actually damage your skin and increase
your risk for developing skin cancer due
to the UV lamps or dryers use especially
if you get the gel manis so watch the
rest of this video to learn how to get a
fast drying and long-lasting mani at
home okay so first things first i'll be
using the ciate acetone freak nail
polish remover i highly suggest you use
an acetone or nail polish remover
because acetone can actually cause
irritation of the respiratory tract eyes
and it can make nails brittle and weak
so i'm using this one which actually
smells like white chocolates so
delicious and it is infused with vitamin
E which helps increase nail growth and
vitamin b5 which helps strengthen nails
okay so the next step is going to be to
shape them into the way that you like I
personally like them square so I square
at the top part and then I round out the
edges and I'm just going to continue
this step with the rest of my nails next
I'll be applying this cuticle remover
all around my cuticles on each nail
leave it on for about 45 seconds if your
cuticles are thick or you have a lot I
suggest leaving it on for a bit longer
then wash it off with some water then
we'll be using a cuticle pusher to push
back the cuticles that have now softens
after applying the remover try to push
it back as far as you can especially if
you have shorter hands or fingers since
the more nail that's exposed the longer
your hands will appear next we'll be
using a cuticle cutter to cut the
cuticles that we have pushed back you'll
notice your cuticle is like the thinnest
and lightest part of the skin around
your nail so that you can avoid cutting
your actual skin now we'll be
exfoliating our hands to get rid of the
dead skin and to help soften them I
personally love this one by Shea
Moisture because it helps with my eczema
but you could of course use some things
that you have in your cat
in your kitchen like sugar and honey so
after we wash off the hand scrub and dry
our hands we'll be using a 3-step nail
buffer for smoothing than buffing and
then shining this will actually help the
nail polish adhere to the nail making
our manicure last longer
next we'll be moisturizing our hands
with lotion if you absolutely must go to
the nail salon at least bring an SPF
lotion and not a sunscreen a lotion
because it has a thicker consistency
will help moisturize your hands that
will at least also protect you from the
UV light and then next I'll just be
cleaning underneath my nails to get rid
of any dirt this next step is extremely
important and that's applying a base
coat I absolutely love this one by
orally because I really do feel like it
helps the nail polish it here to the
nail and it helps prevent shipping next
I'll be applying my nail color and it's
SCS i'm addicted from their new neon
collection and i'm just going to be
applying a thin coat to each of my nails
and then i'll be applying a second coat
i don't suggest applying a thicker coat
the first time because when you apply
your top coat it's just going to drive
with those air pockets and bubbles and
it's just going to take longer to dry
and it's going to look like a hot mess
so just apply a thin coat and then if
you want a stronger color payoff then
you can do a second or third coat just
make sure that you give some time to the
nail for it to dry a little bit before
you do your second and third coat after
waiting about five minutes for my second
coat of polish to dry a little bit i'm
applying this top coat which actually
does help the nail polish to drive and
faster you just want to make sure that
you apply a thin amount because if you
apply too much it's actually going to
dry with those lumps and bumps and it's
actually going to take longer to dry in
general so you want to make sure that
you wipe off your brush and that you
don't get too much on your nail
if you're really on the go I suggest
spraying some oil out of a can on to
your nails this actually does help your
nail to dry faster and it's a great
alternative than using one of those
finishing sprays for your nails that
have like all these chemicals in them so
you can just spray oil on them apply it
to all of your nails and you should be
good to go so that concludes the video
guys of course it's going to take some
time to get used to it but once you get
in the swing of it'll be fast and easy
and safe before your hands and nails
till next time don't forget to stay
beautiful confident and throop to your
beautiful selves